Yeah! Trainer's taking
me out tomorrow morning,
and I wondered if you wanted to come along.
Thank you for asking. I believe
I'll take you up on that offer.
Great! I'll be waiting tomorrow, then.
Right. See you then.
Yeah! Goodnight.
Teio... I will strive to remain the strongest,
in anticipation of the day you return.
I won't lose, no matter what.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 12
Together
This is harder than I thought!
Beach sand is softer and more
granular than what we're used to.
If you step forward normally, you generate
an insufficient amount of propulsive force.
And, uh, that means?
It means you need to make sure your form is
correct if you want to move effectively.
It's quite effective training, actually.
I see...
Okay, in that case!
Goal!
Nice work, you two.
Have some hydration.
Thanks, Trainer!
Much obliged.
You don't have to match my pace, y'know.
Excuse me?
You could've gone faster, right, McQueen?
Well, yes.
Trainer-san, would it be all right if I did
a bit of independent training for a while?
On your own?
Yes. There are a few things I've been
considering, moving into the Fall Tennoushou.
I'm not gonna say no to
you of all horse girls.
That said, call me if you
need any help, all right?
Thank you.
What are you going to do
for your solo training?
Well, I was thinking of
adding pool exercises.
In that case...
Let's go for a swim while we're here!
But it's already November.
It's fine!
It won't be so bad!
See, it's not that...
So cold!
I was trying to warn you...
Teio, please, stop that!
Seriously, it's fine!
Once you get in, you'll feel fine!
Whoo!
Time to have Fukukitaru-san
check out my fortune again!
Yo!
Fukukitaru-san, we're back!
Huh? She's gone?
Is this a note?
"Dear Mejiro Palmer-chan..."
"If you are reading this note,
I have abandoned this location."
You no longer require the
guidance of my fortunes.
You are already a splendid,
outrunning horse girl!
As a wandering fortune teller,
I will now head to a new destination,
along with Meisho Doto.
Oof...
I doubt we will ever meet again.
Come on.
Please look after yourself...
Okay...
Machikane Fukukitaru.
Fukukitaru-san!
Helios... I'm gonna do my best.
Yo...
I'm sure Fukukitaru-san
is watching, somewhere.
Yo.
All right, let's get to training!
Hold it up, okay?
Okay...
Put your back into it!
Like this?
You're still here!
It's the day of the Kikkashou,
Kikkashou
Kyoto Racecourse
and here to witness a race to determine
the strongest in a generation
is a capacity crowd awaiting
BNW's latest showdown.
McQueen's doing more solo training, huh?
We better keep a good eye on
the others for her sake, then.
Good point!
She did a great job winning the Kyoto Daishoten,
so I'm sure she's fine.
Good point!
The Kikkashou...
Biwa Hayahide,
Narita Taishin,
and Winning Ticket.
Which one of them is going
to grab the last crown?
They're all really strong.
Let's scope them out for McQueen.
Good idea.
Miss, is something the matter?
It's nothing!
Past the fourth corner and
entering the final straightaway,
Biwa Hayahide's lead is only increasing!
She's in first place!
The only member of BNW yet to claim a crown
looks like she's about to make her mark!
On the outside, Arcade Champ and Winning Ticket
are starting to move up!
But Biwa Hayahide's lead is still growing!
She's in first place!
With a lead of four,
now five lengths!
The race for second place is hot!
Winning Ticket is doing her
best to push forward!
But look at that implacable lead!
Biwa Hayahide with an unassailable
show of strength!
And she crosses the goal!
The final race of the
Classics, the Kikkashou,
goes to the last member of
BNW to win a race, Biwa Hayahide!
With a five-length lead
on the second-place finisher!
She has won the G1 race said to be won
by only the strongest horse girls!
And this time...
Record
It's a record!
She's broken the record
set previously by Rice Shower!
Wow...
She blew them away.
How does she run like that?
Good question.
She's got a lot of momentum.
She stands out even among BNW.
She must've grown a bit over the summer.
Nice run!
Something wrong?
Well...
I could've sworn I just heard
someone say my head had grown too big.
Really?
Well, we saw the thing.
Let's take our time on the way back.
Since we're in Kyoto anyway,
I wanna get some Nishin soba.
Good point!
In that case, I wanna matcha parfait!
We can get both. And it
can be Trainer's treat.
Good point!
Hold up! I didn't sign off on this!
Maybe you're imagining things?
No, I'm positive.
Someone said my head was too big.
But are you sure you're not imagining it?
That can't be. Somebody had to have...
You're imagining things!
I know what I heard! Someone said it!
Biwa Hayahide...
Butler...
Yes?
Could you call the doctor?
The family doctor?
Yes.
There's something I'd like him to look at.
Miss...
I'm sure it's nothing serious,
but I'd like to take every precaution.
Right. Understood.
Here you are, miss.
Honestly... I just said
it was nothing serious.
Everyone, let's eat some
of that next! Come on!
B-Bring it on...
You still wanna eat? You're gonna wear
down your stamina if you overdo it.
You know what they say about autumn!
Even horse girls get to enjoy harvest time.
I guess...
Me, too, then!
What's up?
Oh, I just wanted to pick
something up for McQueen!
What do you think?
I'd like you to get bed rest
for the time being.
Maybe this? Or this?
Or would she prefer this?
This seems like an overreaction.
Still, until we know the diagnosis,
it's better to be safe than sorry.
Come in.
I'm the doctor.
What did you learn, Doctor?
Doctor?
Miss, the lady of the house
would like to speak to you.
My grandmother?
Heave-ho, heave-ho...
And down.
Man, nasty weather.
Hey, Teio.
Aw, it's just you, Trainer.
Wow, rude. Is there a problem?
No, I was just waiting for McQueen.
I was hoping to give her these.
Wait, today's the "best by" date!
Coarse Red Sweet Bean-Filled Yatsuhashi
Kyoto's Finest Yatsuhashi, Nishino
Hey, where are you going?
To deliver these to McQueen!
I'll visit her while I'm at it!
Back later!
Honey, honey, honey!
When I get a lick of that honey,
I feel, feel, feel so much faster!
Honey, honey, honey!
When I get a lick of that honey...
All right, this oughta cover
the next training regimen.
It's... McQueen's butler?
Mr. Butler
Hello?
Man, this place is still intimidating.
How do I even get inside?
Pardon me.
Honey, honey, honey!
When I get a lick of that honey...
Butler-san!
Teio-sama, what brings you here?
Sorry for coming in without permission.
Is McQueen around? I came
to visit her, and well...
Well... er...
Butler-san?
I'm afraid Miss McQueen is not available.
Oh, is she training? In that case...
She is currently staying at
the Mejiro family sanatorium.
The sanatorium? Why?
Did something happen to her?!
An injury was discovered in her leg.
What injury?
The young miss has developed a case of
suspensory ligament desmitis in her left leg.
That's...
It requires a year to treat,
and even in the event of recovery,
it is likely to reoccur.
It's said to be one of the incurable
conditions that can plague a horse girl.
Unlike a fracture, it doesn't immediately
prevent one from running. But...
With each step, severe pain
will afflict the affected area,
with the worst case scenario being
a permanent loss of mobility.
So you see...
Then McQueen can't run anymore?
Racing would be terribly unwise.
If she doesn't aggravate the injury,
it shouldn't affect her everyday life.
It's... what's best for her.
Hello?
She's missing?!
No, I don't think she'd be that desperate.
But then, I'm not sure where...
Teio-sama?
Coarse Red Sweet Bean-Filled Yatsuhashi
Kyoto's Finest Yatsuhashi, Nishino
McQueen!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
See, it's fine. I'm still capable of running.
Isn't this enough?
You've accomplished so
much while racing already,
along with granting my wish
of conquering the Tennoushou.
I could not be more proud of you.
So, please, let's put an end to this.
I cannot accept that!
I can still run!
You can not. Your leg has reached its limit.
That's how severe
suspensory ligament desmitis is.
I'm asking you to please listen to me—
I refuse!
I do not want to give up!
Miss...
That's right. I can hardly
let this injury stop me.
Because...
I finally found her.
I've finally encountered an opponent
who I can clash with seriously,
for the rest of my life.
With you, I know I can run on forever.
I knew it was our destiny on that day.
Which is why... I can't let this stop me.
Isn't it enough?
An injury like this...
is of no concern!
Teio did it herself... time and time again,
she rose to her feet and moved forward!
After her dream of an undefeated
triple crown was lost,
after her dream of being
undefeated was ended,
after all the times she broke her leg...
Miss, you've developed suspensory
ligament desmitis in your left leg.
I can still run! I'm Mejiro McQueen!
And I will experience that moment,
where we both give our all and run together,
once more!
This is an incurable condition for horse
girls, with no effective treatment.
I will run... again...
I'm not gonna lose again!
Challenge accepted.
Isn't it enough?
I promised her...
From this moment on, I'd be glad
to run so as to be a goal for you.
I will run in a way that
makes me fit to be your goal.
Please, watch me.
I will continue to run...
So that I can remain the top horse girl.
Your leg has reached its limit.
I... want that again.
To run with Teio...
I... I...
McQueen!
Teio?
What's the matter, Teio?
You're in such a panic.
Butler-san told me...
About your leg.
Is that all?
It won't be a problem at all.
The Fall Tennoushou is in four days.
I should resume training.
But it has to hurt a lot, right?
I can still manage to run.
I'll simply have to bear with the pain.
This won't be enough to...
Don't force yourself!
I am not!
McQueen...
I must... remain strong!
With dignity, never giving an inch...
I have to remain in the position
of the strongest horse girl.
That's where I will wait for you.
I've looked forward to it for so long...
We can compete to see who is the—
But...
It won't move. I can't make it move...
I... can't run anymore.
I can't keep my promise to you!
Fate's kind of a jerk, huh?
It really seems set on keeping
us from racing each other.
I thought we'd be able to run again at the
Takarazuka Kinen... then I broke my leg.
People started saying I wouldn't be
able to run the same way again.
And now, this happens to you.
It'd probably be easier to just give up, huh?
But... I don't want to give up yet.
I want to run with you again.
Don't you feel the same way?
Of course I want to run! But I can't anymore!
I may never be able to run again!
Unless a miracle happens, I'll never
be able to run like I used to!
Just like you!
F-Forgive me...
No, you're right. Without a miracle,
it's not gonna happen.
So it's time to make a miracle.
I'm going to prove that you
and I can run together again.
Watch the Arima Kinen, okay? I'm gonna
cross that goal before anybody else.
Y-You can't possibly win...
not in the condition you're in.
I'm going to win anyway.
If I work hard enough to make a
miracle happen, I know I can do it.
Miracles can happen when people
wish and strive for them.
I'm sure of that.
Teio...
When I was on the verge of giving up,
you pulled me forward.
When I felt like I was going
to break, you were by my side.
You've been the kind of strong
horse girl I could chase after.
You were the one who said
you'd wait for me.
And now, it's my turn.
So watch me, McQueen.
Teio...
Miss!
Miss, you're soaked!